hey so did you stop yes he started with
the arrow for that Lorna Bell showers we
can tell me the name of his computer
it's not even yeah you got a Pokemon
your bill fucking murray I can fly
little trip down for the simple tell you
what Leslie yes you were and he had down
looking at you did have time yeah boo
this Patek he was thinking about looking
black there he was talking in goofy on
facebook ah birch is talking what us
fought that's not what anybody did you
hear you cannot escape so it isn't
spotlight I'm good at sports that's
between pitching water / Lulu an
occasional worry that's pretty good
you're gonna fit aria basket we would
all of it scuffling now with that I
usually like to grasp put my cute little
video yeah and one part i take the mask
i put it close to the dude with a viola
wagon back with the young roster game I
say nah
oh boy do a straight face ah no Derek I
like what you're annoyed with you
gizelle I'm creature these are Phrygian
I've been down go with your neck if he
puts a great neck he didn't give we're
next in yeah aventure let me tell you
about screeching well that was not great
Nick kitchen bottle world out of that
nice decent sized woman 53 300,000
blue oh shit